docs: remove wrong documentation on lifecycle of single Pods (#3148)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/components/lifecycle-operator/keptn-apps.md

It can execute the pre-/post-deployment evaluations of a workload
and run pre-/post-deployment tasks.

> In its state, it tracks the currently active `Workload Versions`
> (a `DaemonSet`, `StatefulSet`, or `ReplicaSet` resource),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In its state, it tracks the currently active `KeptnWorkloadVersions`
(`DaemonSet`, `StatefulSet`, or `ReplicaSet`),
```

Reviewer 2: That sentence doesn't really make sense in this way i think. The parentheses don't make sense for KeptnWorkloadVersions...

Author: So how should we have it? 🤷‍♀️

Author: what about tracks the current workloads (bla bla or bla) and at what version they are

Reviewer 2: yeah that makes sense i think.

> In its state, it tracks the currently active `Workload Versions`
> (a `DaemonSet`, `StatefulSet`, or `ReplicaSet` resource),

Author: ```suggestion
In its state, it tracks the currently active workloads
(`DaemonSet`, `StatefulSet`, or `ReplicaSet` resources),
```
